https://hadoopist.wordpress.com/2016/02/03/how-to-setup-your-first-spark-project-in-intellij-ide/

https://github.com/aocenas/spark-docker-swarm

http://nadbordrozd.github.io/blog/2016/05/22/one-weird-trick-that-will-fix-your-pyspark-schemas/

Spark XML:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NemEp53yGbI

Spark and PySpark Interoperability:
http://aseigneurin.github.io/2016/09/01/spark-calling-scala-code-from-pyspark.html

Spark + Docker + Mesos:
https://github.com/berngp/mesos-spark-docker

Pyspark and Scala UDF:
http://sigdelta.com/blog/scala-spark-udfs-in-python/
http://www.cyanny.com/2017/09/15/spark-use-scala-udf-udaf-in-pyspark/

Reading XML, CSV and JSON files efficiently
https://szczeles.github.io/Reading-JSON-CSV-and-XML-files-efficiently-in-Apache-Spark/

Recommender Service and Flask based service:
https://www.codementor.io/jadianes/building-a-recommender-with-apache-spark-python-example-app-part1-du1083qbw
https://www.codementor.io/jadianes/building-a-web-service-with-apache-spark-flask-example-app-part2-du1083854

SparkXML  explode example:
https://github.com/databricks/spark-xml/issues/277

Spark Json Schema Validator:
https://github.com/zalando-incubator/spark-json-schema

Scala udf in pyspark:
https://medium.com/wbaa/using-scala-udfs-in-pyspark-b70033dd69b9
http://www.cyanny.com/2017/09/15/spark-use-scala-udf-udaf-in-pyspark/

Spark + Hadoop + Docker:
https://medium.com/@ivanermilov/scalable-spark-hdfs-setup-using-docker-2fd0ffa1d6bf

Distributed Deep Learning
https://github.com/maxpumperla/elephas

PySpark UDF:
https://changhsinlee.com/pyspark-udf/

https://developerzen.com/best-practices-writing-production-grade-pyspark-jobs-cb688ac4d20f


http://sparkdatasourceapi.blogspot.com/2016/10/spark-data-source-api-write-custom.html

https://github.com/testdrivenio/spark-docker-swarm

https://medium.com/@aoc/running-spark-on-docker-swarm-777b87b5aa3

RDF and Spark
https://github.com/SANSA-Stack/SANSA-RDF

Word2VecGraph
http://sparklingdataocean.com/2017/09/06/w2vTrain/

https://github.com/spoddutur/spark-as-service-using-embedded-server

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/41399399/serialize-a-custom-transformer-using-python-to-be-used-within-a-pyspark-ml-pipel

GraphQL to case Class Conversion
https://github.com/muuki88/sbt-graphql

CaseClass to Spark DataFrame Schema
https://github.com/BenFradet/struct-type-encoder

https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/deep-dive-into-spark-internals-and-architecture-f6e32045393b/

https://towardsdatascience.com/build-an-end-to-end-machine-learning-model-with-mllib-in-pyspark-4917bdf289c5

PySpark EDA
https://github.com/ironmussa/Optimus

https://medium.com/@aieeshashafique/exploratory-data-analysis-using-pyspark-dataframe-in-python-bd55c02a2852

https://www.jitsejan.com/integrating-pyspark-notebook-with-s3.html

https://towardsdatascience.com/the-most-complete-guide-to-pyspark-dataframes-2702c343b2e8

https://developerzen.com/best-practices-writing-production-grade-pyspark-jobs-cb688ac4d20f

https://dzone.com/articles/pyspark-join-explained-with-examples

https://www.inovex.de/blog/efficient-udafs-with-pyspark/

https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/deep-dive-into-spark-internals-and-architecture-f6e32045393b/

https://blog.cloudera.com/offset-management-for-apache-kafka-with-apache-spark-streaming/

https://medium.com/swlh/apache-spark-with-dynamodb-use-cases-a541c2afcc95

https://www.signifytechnology.com/blog/2019/01/spark-custom-stream-sources-by-nicolas-a-perez
https://github.com/anicolaspp/SparkStreamSources

https://albertusk95.github.io/posts/2019/11/spark-structured-streaming-multiple-queries/

https://github.com/moj-analytical-services/splink
https://github.com/moj-analytical-services/splink_demos/blob/master/quickstart_demo_link_and_dedupe.ipynb

https://databricks.com/session_eu19/maps-and-meaning-graph-based-entity-resolution-in-apache-spark-graphx

Very Important:
https://databricks.com/blog/2020/12/22/how-to-manage-python-dependencies-in-pyspark.html

https://luminousmen.com/post/dive-into-spark-memory/
https://medium.com/walmartglobaltech/decoding-memory-in-spark-parameters-that-are-often-confused-c11be7488a24

https://thucnc.medium.com/pyspark-in-jupyter-notebook-working-with-dataframe-jdbc-data-sources-6f3d39300bf6

Spark and Elasticsearch:
https://databricks.com/session/using-spark-and-elasticsearch-for-real-time-data-analysis

Exploiting Schema Inference.
https://bartoszgajda.com/2020/06/26/exploiting-schema-inference-in-apache-spark/


Spark Scala EKS
https://github.com/lynnlangit/Spark-Scala-EKS

Spark on Kubernetes
https://levelup.gitconnected.com/spark-on-kubernetes-3d822969f85b

Loading Partitioned Json Data
https://www.datarchy.tech/code/20200827_load_partitioned_json/

Dropping the fields in json data
https://medium.com/@fqaiser94/manipulating-nested-data-just-got-easier-in-apache-spark-3-1-1-f88bc9003827

End to End Distributed Bayesian Entity Resolution
https://github.com/cleanzr/dblink

https://newbedev.com/how-to-use-udf-to-return-multiple-columns

For flattening the nested data
https://github.com/lvhuyen/SparkAid

Important for Profiling
https://towardsdatascience.com/profiling-big-data-in-distributed-environment-using-spark-a-pyspark-data-primer-for-machine-78c52d0ce45

Spark Streaming:
https://www.waitingforcode.com/apache-spark-structured-streaming/what-new-apache-spark-3.1-streaming-joins/read

https://medium.com/slalom-build/data-lakehouse-building-the-next-generation-of-data-lakes-using-apache-hudi-41550f62f5f
https://altis.com.au/optimizing-performance-spark-streaming-applications-aws-emr/

Spark Streaming Hudi
https://www.programmerall.com/article/62421770736/
